4. Which expression returns a count of documents in an "orders" collection that match {"state": "NY"}?
(Choose 1)

답
* d. db.orders.countDocuments({"state": "NY"})

6. A furniture store stopped selling lamps and needs to delete lamps from the "furniture" collection.
What command deletes all documents from the "furniture" collection where the "type" field is equal to "lamp"?
(Choose 1)

* d. db.furniture.delete( { "type": "lamp" }, { "multi": "true" } )

=> 명령어 최종 싹 정리를 하자..

10. What command shows if a query of db.load.find({ rnd: 1 }) in the profiling collection was supported by an index?
(Choose 1/맞긴 했는데..)

답
* a. db.system.profile.find({"command.filter": {rnd: 1}, planSummary: /IXSCAN/})


13. Which two mongod command line options affects where data files are stored?
(Choose two)

답
* b. ``` --directoryperdb ```
* c. ``` --dbpath ```

14. Which two mongosh commands connect to node-1.cluster1.mycompany.local on port 28412?
{Choose 2)

답
* a. mongosh "node-1.cluster1.mycompany.local:28412"
* c. mongosh --host "node-1.cluster1.mycompany.local" --port 28412

20. What is a benefit of using field-level encryption?
(Choose 1)

답
* a. Field-level encryption provides granular control over data access.

오답
* b. Field-level encryption increases the risk of data breaches caused by malware attacks.

24. What flag does the administrator use with mongodump during the backup process to capture operations for point-in-time recovery in a MongoDB replica set?
(Choose 1)

답
* b. mongodump --oplog